## RealEstate

This simple project showcases my expertise in creating remarkable listing cards
for both rental and sale pages. New listing section, custom categories, and
responsive design. However, the true gem lies in the listing pages themselves,
where you will find an interactive map and a captivating image slider.

RealEstate is the epitome of a modern, fully functional real estate application.
By building this remarkable web app, I have gained invaluable knowledge in
implementing CRUD operations using React and Firebase Firestore database. The
app features seamless user authentication through Firebase auth, allowing users
to easily sign up or sign in using their preferred method, be it a username and
password or Google oAuth. I have even incorporated a forgot password
functionality that leverages Firebase auth, ensuring users can effortlessly
reset their passwords through a secure email link.

Moreover, I have utilized the most in-demand technologies of today to bring this
project to life. React.js, Firebase, and Tailwind CSS form the foundation of
this website, accompanied by a few other dependencies such as Leaflet and
Swiper.js. With Leaflet packages, I have integrated an interactive map, while
leveraging the TomTom API to convert addresses into precise latitude and
longitude values. The latest version of Swiper.js has been incorporated to
create a visually stunning image slider. To enhance user experience, I have
implemented the React Toastify package to provide elegant and customizable
notifications. And I have created an interesting spinner component that can be
utilized throughout the website to deliver delightful loading effects.
Additionally, I have crafted reusable components like the listing card, which
can be seamlessly integrated into different sections of the website.

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://ik.imagekit.io/irinavn2011/RealEstate.jpg?updatedAt=1687333283510" width="1200" height="auto"/>
</div>
